Hamas has issued a statement saying it's
offering flexibility and positivity in
talks to reach a deal to end Israel's
9-month war on Gaza Hamas accuses
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu of placing more obstacles on
the negotiations and escalating crimes
against the Palestinian people he called
on mediators to intervene and put
pressure on the Israeli leader the group
also calls on the International
Community and the UN to fulfill their
humanitarian and legal responsibilities
and to put pressure to stop the crime of
genocide Hamas warned of disastrous
repercussions because of what is
happening in Gaza it says the occupation
threat to large neighborhoods in Gaza
and the request to evacuate them would
return the negotiating process to0
Z Hamas Salud has more now from
Aman Hamas has released two different
statements on Monday the first saying
that Israel under prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu is not willing to
show any flexibility in these
negotiations and that mediators should
intervene and all this comes after
netanyahu's office released a statement
on Sunday explaining four non-negotiable
items that Israel is going into these
negotiations with now this list in this
statement was slammed by several Israel
officials speaking anonymously saying
that this is something that is going to
deter the negotiations meanwhile hamas's
second statement has said that continued
Israeli military action in Northern Gaza
is going to plummet these talks but when
we heard from the White House the US
National Security Council spokesperson
John Kirby earlier on Monday he did say
that the statements released by both
sides do not actually reflect how the
talks are going saying that there are
still a lot of gaps to bridge but that
mediators are trying to do just that and
all this comes as there's been a lot of
internal discourse within netanyahu's
Coalition lawmakers from the far right
like itamar benir and bet SMR known
nationalists who say that Israel should
not be entering a deal to release the
remaining captives saying that it would
deter them from an absolute Victory and
that it would be a win for Hamas and
then you have other members of the
Coalition exchanging verbal Jabs with
the far right saying that if there is
going to be a demise and fall of the
government it's going to be because of
benir and smot Rich hamut Alo
amen make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler